Personal Statement 

I would like to study A-Level Maths, Biology and Computer Science because I enjoy problem solving and programming. As well as being an avid tech fan looking forward to the releases of new breakthroughs in computer components and software development, I am also fascinated by the development of prosthetics for amputees and designing prosthetics capable of replicating senses similar or identical to a natural limb. This is an area that I would be interested in studying at degree level. 

I have recently built my own personal computer and in my spare time I use this for gaming and to practice my 3d design skills in Blender. I also have an interest in electronics and have begun to refurbish phones and computers. For the past 2 years, I have gained work experience during the school holidays working with my Dad, doing jobs including Car washing and valeting , preparing cars for painting as well as priming and painting car parts. 

I am currently studying at St-Martins School where I have taken on extra responsibilities. I am a Prefect at the school, this involves touring new students and their families hoping to join the school and also welcomed new teachers and helped them familiarise with the site. The role also involves being a friendly face for the younger year groups of the school and providing help when needed. 

In 2023, I participated in the Lego League competition where we travelled to Cambridge and competed against other schools creating robots and developing the code necessary to complete tasks. I am no longer working on the Lego League competition but, I am helping the current year group competing to develop their code and robot design.

I also have an interest in sports and fitness, I was a part of my school rugby team for 3 years participating in games for our team as well as taking up athletics and participating in high jump competitions. Currently, I am trying out for the Basildon Sporting Village Athletics Team, hoping to continue my love for sports as I begin my A-Levels. 

